docs: add `isVisible` section and example (#60)
vuejs/vue-test-utils-next-docs: src/guide/conditional-rendering.md

## Finding Elements

> One of the most basic features of Vue is the ability to dynamically show, hide by removing elements with `v-if`. Let's look at how to test a component that uses `v-if`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the most basic features of Vue is the ability to dynamically insert and remove elements with `v-if`. Let's look at how to test a component that uses `v-if`.
```

## Using `find()` and `exists()`

> `get()` works on the assumption that elements do exist and throws an error when they do not. It is _not_ recommended to use it for asserting existence.

Reviewer 2: Nice one 👍

If you have other properties in `data`, don't worry - Vue Test Utils will merge the two together. The `data` in the mounting options will take priority over any default values.

To learn what other mounting options exist, see [`Passing Data`](./passing-data.html) or see [`mounting options`](.,/api/#mount-options).

## Checking Elements visibility

Sometimes you only want to hide/show an element while keeping it in the DOM. Vue offers `v-show` for scenarios as such. (You can check the differences between `v-if` and `v-show` [here](https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/conditional.html#v-if-vs-v-show)).

This is how a component with `v-show` looks like:

```js
const Nav = {
  template: `
    <nav>
      <a id="user" href="/profile">My Profile</a>
      <ul v-show="shouldShowDropdown" id="user-dropdown">
        <!-- dropdown content -->
      </ul>
    </nav>
  `,
  data() {
    return {
      shouldShowDropdown: false
    }
  }
}
```

In this scenario, the element is not visible but always rendered. `get()` or `find()` will always return a `Wrapper` – `find()` with `.exists()` always return `true` – because the **element is still in the DOM**. 

## Using `isVisible()`

> `isVisible()` gives you the capacity to check whether an element is the DOM is hidden. `isVisible()` will check if:

Author: @afontcu is something like this more similar to what you had in mind?

Author: Sorry, this was remove after last minute updates 🙈

Thanks @afontcu and @lmiller1990 for the review. Ready for another round 🏸

Reviewer 2: Sounds great, yeah!

> `isVisible()` gives you the capacity to check whether an element is the DOM is hidden. `isVisible()` will check if:

Author: ```suggestion
`isVisible()` gives you the capacity to check whether an element is hidden. `isVisible()` will check if:
```

                                                                                  
- an element or its ancestors have `display: none`, `visibility: hidden`, `opacity :0` style
- an element or its ancestors are located inside collapsed `<details>` tag
- an element or its ancestors have the `hidden` attribute

> For any of these cases, `isVisible()` will return `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
For any of these cases, `isVisible()` returns `false`.
```

If you have other properties in `data`, don't worry - Vue Test Utils will merge the two together. The `data` in the mounting options will take priority over any default values.

To learn what other mounting options exist, see [`Passing Data`](./passing-data.html) or see [`mounting options`](.,/api/#mount-options).

## Checking Elements visibility

> Sometimes you only want to hide/show an element while keeping it in the DOM. Vue offers `v-show` for scenarios as such. (You can check the differences between `v-if` and `v-show` [here](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/conditional.html#v-if-vs-v-show)).

Reviewer: Can we link to v3 docs?

Author: ```suggestion
Sometimes you only want to hide/show an element while keeping it in the DOM. Vue offers `v-show` for scenarios as such. (You can check the differences between `v-if` and `v-show` [here](https://v3.vuejs.org/guide/conditional.html#v-if-vs-v-show)).
```

This is how a component with `v-show` looks like:

```js
const Nav = {
  template: `
    <nav>
      <a id="user" href="/profile">My Profile</a>

>       <ul v-show="shouldShowDropdown" id="user-dropdwn">

Author: ```suggestion
      <ul v-show="shouldShowDropdown" id="user-dropdown">
```

        <!-- dropdown content -->
      </ul>
    </nav>
  `,
  data() {
    return {
      shouldShowDropdown: false
    }
  }
}
```

> In this scenario, the element is not visible but but it always rendered. `get()` or `find()` will always return a `Wrapper` – `find()` with `.exists()` always return `true` – because the **element is still in the DOM**. 

Reviewer: I wonder if we should mention how this works (display: none) 🤔  maybe too much info... what do you guys think?

Reviewer 2: Hm, I'd say we don't need to mention that given that we've already linked to vue docs :)

Author: Good point @lmiller1990 and thought about it as well but I decided not to commit the docs to what Vue.js does at the moment (thought it's unlikely to change but... who knows? 😂)

> In this scenario, the element is not visible but but it always rendered. `get()` or `find()` will always return a `Wrapper` – `find()` with `.exists()` always return `true` – because the **element is still in the DOM**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this scenario, the element is not visible but always rendered. `get()` or `find()` will always return a `Wrapper` – `find()` with `.exists()` always return `true` – because the **element is still in the DOM**. 
```

## Using `isVisible()`

> `isVisible()` gives you the capacity to check whether an element is hidden/shown by using `v-show`.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest rewording this a bit, to make it clear that there is nothing specific to v-show, but rather that it helps you assert against elements that are rendered but not visible, as you explain below. 

I'm afraid reading this sentence in isolation (and we know people tend to skim over docs) might yield the wrong impression.

Author: Good point, I'll rephrase this!

```js
test('does not show the user dropdown', () => {
  const wrapper = mount(Nav)

>   // using `get()` works as well

Reviewer 2: good point 🤔  which query should be suggest?

I'd say `get`, as we, using your words, "work on the assumption that the element do exist"

>   expect(wrapper.find('#user-dropdwn').isVisible()).toBe(false)

Author: ```suggestion
  expect(wrapper.find('#user-dropdown').isVisible()).toBe(false)
```

>   // using `get()` works as well
>   expect(wrapper.find('#user-dropdown').isVisible()).toBe(false)

Author: ```suggestion
  expect(wrapper.get('#user-dropdown').isVisible()).toBe(false)
```

})
```

Note that `isVisible()` is not limited to scenarios using `v-show` as it will check if:

- an element or its ancestors have `display: none`, `visibility: hidden`, `opacity :0` style
- an element or its ancestors are located inside collapsed `<details>` tag
- an element or its ancestors have the `hidden` attribute

For any of these cases, `isVisible()` will return `false`.

## Conclusion

- Use `find()` along with `exists()` to verify whether an element is in the DOM.
- Use `get()` if you expect the element to be in the DOM.
- The `data` mounting option can be used to set default values on a component.

> - Use `find()` (or `get()`) with `isVisible()` to verify the visibility of an element that is in the DOM

Reviewer 2: Same as before, I'd say we pick either find or get for these use cases, and suggest them in docs

Author: ```suggestion
- Use `get()` with `isVisible()` to verify the visibility of an element that is in the DOM
```
